📖 : add faq section on 3rd party APIs in envtest (#1393)
kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime: FAQ.md

See the [scheme builder
docs](https://godoc.org/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/scheme) for
more information.

### Q: When using envtest with a third party API, why do I see the error: `no matches for kind "Kind" in version "<group>/<version>"`?

**A**: While testing a third party API with `envtest`, in addition to registering the API type with the test client, you would also
have to register it with the test server. To do so, download the associated CustomResourceDefinition's manifest locally

> and add its path to [`Environment.CRDDirectoryPaths`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/envtest#Environment).

Reviewer: The solution in the issue is to use the go module : `	filepath.Join(build.Default.GOPATH, "pkg", "mod", "github.com", "owner", "theirs@version", "config", "crd", "bases"),`

I do not think that we should tell fr the users add a CRD manually in the config/crds which is the place where it will be in kubebuilder/sdk because: 
- users will apply that with the make targets when should not
- sdk features to generate a bundle will add the crd as well. so, would it be really desirable?  

Also, could we add here an example of a valid config? wdyt?

Reviewer 2: >The solution in the issue is to use the go module

That path is meant to be opaque, i.e. shouldn't be recommended to users. Side note: this is no different than downloading a CRD locally using `curl https://my.domain/crd.yaml`.

Reviewer: Hi @estroz, 

I do not think we are addressing it properly yet. It is a very common question and I think it can be better covered.  

- IMO: It is missing an explanation where describe that EnvTest requires to have access to the CRD of the external-types schemas added and used. Then, we need to clarify that has a few options to do that. 
- Also, I think it is missing an example by point out from the go mod. 

Then, see that the kubebuilder scaffold is: 

```go
By("bootstrapping test environment")
testEnv = &envtest.Environment{
	CRDDirectoryPaths:     []string{filepath.Join("..", "config", "crd", "bases")},
	ErrorIfCRDPathMissing: true,
}
```

So, users will read this explanation and add the manifest manually in the config/crd dir as you suggested. So, I have a few questions: Could not it bring side effects for the project/tools helpers? In sdk, will not the `make bundle` use the CRD added there to generate the bundle? In KB/SDK, will not the makefile targets start to install the CRDs. Should we really suggest that? Have we other options? Should we make a small note here and describe that if you are using sdk/kb then, in order to avoid side effects you might prefer to use the go option or create a dir to copy all crds for there and add the external ones as well?

Reviewer 2: Sounds like you're asking for the envtest docs to be improved, not the FAQ response.

Reviewer: I hope that I could clarify all my thoughts in ; https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pull/1393#pullrequestreview-604042047. So, I am closing this one to avoid misunderstands and make it easier for others to follow up on this one.

See the [scheme builder
docs](https://godoc.org/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/scheme) for
more information.

> ### Q: How to use third party APIs in `envtest`?

Reviewer 2: This could match the actual error better
```suggestion
### Q: When using envtest, why do I see the error: `no matches for kind "Kind" in version "<group>/<version>"`?
```

Reviewer 3: That's the error for the CRD not being found, there's a different error for the scheme not being registered I think?

Author: If its not added to scheme, it would be `no "<Kind>" is registered in scheme`, I think. That's explained in the previous question

Reviewer 2: In that case, remove point (1) from my suggestion below.

> **A**:  In order to use third party APIs in `envtest`, you would have to
> register the relevant custom object types with the `Scheme` being used in the tests. In addition to this,
> the CRD associated with the object also needs to be installed, so that the test API server
> knows how to handle the custom objects. To do so, you would have to specify the location of
> CRDs while [setting up the environment](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/envtest#Environment) by adding it to `CRDDirectoryPaths`. This will create the test environment with the specified CRDs installed. If this is not done, you may get `no matches for Kind <object_kind>` error from the API server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**A**:  testing a third party API with `envtest` requires you to do two things:
1. Register the API type with the test client by adding the relevant [custom `Scheme`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/blob/v0.8.2/pkg/envtest/envtest_test.go#L47-L55) to the client's scheme.
1. Register the API type with the server by downloading the associated CustomResourceDefinition's manifest locally then adding its path to [`Environment.CRDDirectoryPaths`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/envtest#Environment).
```

See the [scheme builder
docs](https://godoc.org/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/scheme) for
more information.

### Q: When using envtest with a third party API, why do I see the error: `no matches for kind "Kind" in version "<group>/<version>"`?

**A**: While testing a third party API with `envtest`, in addition to registering the API type with the test client, you would also
have to register it with the test server. To do so, download the associated CustomResourceDefinition's manifest locally
and add its path to [`Environment.CRDDirectoryPaths`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/pkg/envtest#Environment).

> For example, to use `customapiv1` in `envtest`:

Author: Since this involves adding the api to scheme (which is explained in the previous question), and just specifying the path in `CRDDirectoryPaths`, is this example section required ? @coderanger @camilamacedo86
